I am a Postdoctoral Researcher at The Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences; I completed my PhD in June of 2024. I completed my undergraduate degree at the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire, where the faculty inspired me towards the service of undergraduate research and the importance of teaching. In my personal life, I am dedicated to strength training, an activity that requires strong discipline and dedication.

I value the importance of teaching. In 2021, I was a recipient of the Graduate College’s Teaching Excellence Award. And have worked as a teaching assistant in an undergraduate research lab, where I have mentored many undergraduate research projects. I have several years of experience teaching technical skills to undergraduates in small groups. I taught Economics of Discrimination in the Spring of 2024, a course that incorporates technical theories of labor market discrimination and empirical results.

My research is primarily focused on transportation economics, although I have broad interests. I work at the intersection of Industrial Organization, Labor Economics, Environmental Economics, and International Trade. I have particular interests in commercial driving in the United States and the Maritime Trade. My job market paper is titled “In it for the Long Haul: Occupational Choice for Blue Collar Workers” and addresses whether there is a shortage in the commercial driver market and what policies might be deployed to increase the number of truck drivers. I use a variety of structural estimation techniques, and I am also familiar with causal inference.
